#summary How to use Constants Editor
#labels Featured,Phase-Support,Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =

Constants editor lets you modify the Constants.xml file which is located at TTB_DIR\Config\Constants.xml. You can reach the Constants Editor from Tray Icon -> Constants Editor.

= Content =

Constants.xml file contains every data that [TibiaTek Bot] uses. You can find the very memory addresses, *but what's more important: you can find the options of the bot.* In case you want to use FPS Changer you can define the FPS for the changer. These are the default values for the FPS changer:
{{{
FPSWhenActive: 10
FPSWhenInactive: 1
FPSWhenMinimized: 1
FPSWhenHidden: 1
}}}

As you see the names of the options are pretty self-explanatory.

= How to Use =

Open Constants Editor and you'll see two columns. One with the names and another with the values. Double click a value to change it.
*IMPORTANT:* If the value is a number, remember to add a decimal point and a zero even if  the value is a whole number (e.g use 2.0 instead of 2).
When the value is a Boolean: True or False (On or Off respectively). Don't put anything else on these values.

*If you aren't 100% sure of what you are doing make a backup copy of the Constants.xml file first!*

= Constants and Explanations  =

 * LatestVersionUrl: http://www.tibiatek.com/version.php -- Location where TibiaTek bot checks if it's up to date, do not change this.
 * AutoPublishLocation: False -- Option for &sendlocation command, enables automatic publishing of the character's location. 
 * AutoPublishLocationInterval: 600000 -- Option for &sendlocation command, time interval between publishing of the character's location.
 * CreatureExpMultiplier: 1.0 -- Used in &exp creature on|off command. Change this when using bot with Private Server what has different experience rate.
 * ShowInvisibleCreatures: True -- Show invisible creatures as white druids automatically.
 * MusicalNotesOnAlarm: True -- When alarming show musical note animation top of you character.
 * DebugOnLog: False -- Used for debugging.
 * ClearLogOnStartup: True -- Used for debugging
 * LootWithCavebot: True -- Option for &cavebot command. You can determine if you want to  loot with the cavebot. You can also define this value from the Cavebot window.
 * CavebotLootMinCap: 0 -- Option for &cavebot command. Tells the Cavebot when it's time to stop looting. You can also define it from the Cavebot window.
 * CavebotAttackerRadius: 5.0 -- Option for &cavebot and &attacker commands. Determines the distance to attack between the cavebot/attacker and the creature. You may want to change this if you are hunting in open areas or a narrow cave.
 * LootDelay: 500 -- Option for &loot command. Delay at which the Auto Looter will start gathering items. The value is in milliseconds.
 * LootInBag: True -- Option for &loot command. Determines if the Auto Looter opens bags inside monsters to loot them.
 * LootInBagDelay: 500 -- Option for &loot command. Delay at which the Auto Looter will start gathering items from the bags. The value is in milliseconds.
 * LootEatFromCorpse: True -- Option for &loot command. Determines if the Auto Looter eats the food inside corpses.
 * LootMaxDistance: 2.9 -- Option for &loot command. Determines the max distance for the Auto Looter to walk and open the corpse. If you want it too loot just the tiles around you, use the value 1.5.
 * EatFromFloor: True -- Determines if auto eater eats from floor too.
 * EatFromFloorFirst: True --  Determines if auto looter eats first from floor, then from backpack
 * EatFromFloorMaxDistance: 1.5 -- Max distance for eating the food from floor.
 * AutoPickUpDelay: 2000 -- Delay where Pickuper pickups the item. Value is in milliseconds
 * HealersCheckInterval: 300 -- Delay for autohealer to check your heal. Value is in milliseconds
 * HealersAfterHealDelay: 300 -- Determines the delay after healing. Value is in milliseconds
 * HotkeysCanEquipItems: True -- Determines can you bind hotkeys to equip items
 * EquipItemsOnUse: True -- Determines can you equip items on use
 * AutoStackerDelay: 1000 -- Delay for auto stacker. It stacks one item in <AutoStackerDelay>. Value is in milliseconds
 * ModifyMOTD: True -- Use modified MOTD when connecting
 * SmartAttacker: True -- If enabled, auto attacker will attack to the closest enemy
 * FPSWhenActive: 10 -- Fps when Tibia Window is active
 * FPSWhenInactive: 1 -- Fps when Tibia Window is inactive
 * FPSWhenMinimized: 1 -- Fps when Tibia Window is minimized
 * FPSWhenHidden: 1 -- Fps when Tibia Window is hidden
 * FlashTaskbarWhenMessaged: False -- Flash taskbar when message (Public or Private) arrives.
 * FlashTaskbarWhenAlarmFires: True -- Flash taskbar when alarm fires.
 * StatsUploaderSaveOnDiskOnly: False -- Upload stats (use &statsuploader command) only to your disk. Use this if you don't have ftp acces to any server.
 * StatsUploaderUrl: ftp.server.com -- Url of the server
 * StatsUploaderPath: / -- Path where to upload the stats
 * StatsUploaderFilename: stats.xml -- Filename of the uploaded file
 * StatsUploaderUserID: userid -- User id for connecting to server
 * StatsUploaderPassword: password -- Password for connecting to server
 * StatsUploaderFrequency: 30000 -- Time in milliseconds when statsuploader uploads your  stats.
*Memory Addresses for the bot STARTS*
 * ptrWindowBegin: H6198B4
 * WindowLeftOffset: H14
 * WindowTopOffset: H18
 * WindowWidthOffset: H1C
 * WindowHeightOffset: H20
 * WindowCaptionOffset: H50
 * WindowButtonPressedOffset: H28
 * WindowButton1Offset: H2C
 * WindowButton2Offset: H30
 * WindowButton3Offset: H34
 * WindowButton4Offset: H38
 * ptrInGame: H766DF8
 * ptrFrameRateBegin: H76793C
 * ptrEnterOneNamePerLine: H594670
 * ptrCharacterSelectionIndex: H766DB8
 * ptrEncryptionKey: H7637AC
 * ptrRSAKey: H593610
 * RSAKeyOpenTibia: 109120132967...
 * ptrServerAddressBegin: H75EAE8
 * ptrServerPortBegin: H75EB4C
 * ServerAddressDist: H70
 * ServerAddressCount: HA
 * ptrCharacterID: H60EAD0
 * ptrBattleListBegin: H60EB30
 * ptrFirstContainer: H617000
 * ptrInventoryBegin: H616f88
 * ptrLevel: H60EAC0
 * ptrLevelPercent: H60EAB8
 * ptrMagicLevel: H60EABC
 * ptrMagicLevelPercent: H60EAB4
 * ptrExperience: H60EAC4
 * ptrFollowedEntityID: H60EA98
 * ptrAttackedEntityID: H60EA9C
 * ptrLastAttackedEntityID: H76DA10
 * ptrMaxHitPoints: H60EAC8
 * ptrHitPoints: H60EACC
 * ptrMaxManaPoints: H60EAAC
 * ptrManaPoints: H60EAB0
 * ptrSoulPoints: H60EAA8
 * ptrCapacity: H60EAA0
 * ptrCoordX: H6198F8
 * ptrCoordY: H6198F4
 * ptrCoordZ: H6198F0
 * ptrSecureMode: H763BCC
 * ptrFightingMode: H763BD4
 * ptrChasingMode: H763BD0
 * ptrMapPointer: H61E408
 * ptrConditions: H60EA58
 * ptrVipListBegin: H60C7F0
 * ptrSkillsBegin: H60EA78
 * ptrSkillsPercentBegin: H60EA5C
 * ptrStamina: H60EAA4
 * ptrGoToX: H60EB14
 * ptrGoToY: H60EB10
 * ptrGoToZ: H60EB0C
 * ptrHotkeyBegin: H763C18
 * ptrStatusMessage: H768458
 * ptrStatusMessageTimer: H768454
 * ptrCharacterListBegin: H766DBC
 * CharacterListDist: H54
 * CharacterListWorldOffset: H30
 * HotkeyMax: H24
 * HotkeyItemDataOffset: H90
 * HotkeyItemOffset: H120
 * HotkeyItemDist: 4
 * HotkeyTextAutoSendOffset: H1B0
 * HotkeyTextAutoSendDist: 1
 * HotkeyTextOffset: H1D8
 * HotkeyTextDist: H100
 * BLMax: H96
 * BLDist: HA0
 * BLNameOffset: H4
 * BLCoordXOffset: H24
 * BLCoordYOffset: H28
 * BLCoordZOffset: H2C
 * BLDirectionOffset: H50
 * BLWalkingOffset: H4C
 * BLOutfitOffset: H60
 * BLHeadCOffset: H64
 * BLBodyCOffset: H68
 * BLLegsCOffset: H6C
 * BLFeetCOffset: H70
 * BLAddonsOffset: H74
 * BLLightIntensityOffset: H78
 * BLLightColorOffset: H7C
 * BLHPPercentOffset: H88
 * BLSpeedOffset: H8C
 * BLOnScreenOffset: H90
 * BLSkullOffset: H94
 * BLPartyOffset: H98
 * MaxContainers: H10
 * ContainerDist: H1EC
 * ContainerIDOffset: 4
 * ContainerNameOffset: H10
 * ContainerSizeOffset: H30
 * ContainerHasParentOffset: H34
 * ContainerItemCountOffset: H38
 * ContainerFirstItemOffset: H3C
 * ItemDist: HC
 * ItemCountOffset: 4
 * MapObjectIdOffset: 4
 * MapObjectDataOffset: 8
 * MapObjectExtraDataOffset: HC
 * MapObjectDist: HC
 * MapTileDist: HAC
 * VipMax: H64
 * VipNameOffset: 4
 * VipStatusOffset: H22
 * VipDist: H2C
 * SkillsDist: 4
 * FrameRateCurrentOffset: H60
 * FrameRateLimitOffset: H58
 * ptrNameSpy: H4DD2D7
 * ptrNameSpy2: H4DD2E1
 * NameSpyDefault: H4C75
 * NameSpy2Default: H4275
*Memory Addresses for the bot ENDS*
 * CavebotAttackerShrinkRadius: 1.0
 * WaypointMaxDistance: 100 -- Walking waypoints max distance.
 * MCPatchOffset: HF6224
 * MCPatchReplacement: HEB
 * MCPatchOriginal: H75
 * MCPatchOriginal: H75