#summary TibiaTek Bot IRC Channel Use and Rules and Guidelines
#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation

The purpose of the channel is to find help about TibiaTek Bot, as in how to properly download, install, configure, use and update it. You may chat about anything else on this channel following certain guidelines, read further for more information. 

One of our objectives for the #tibiatekbot IRC channel is to create a fun, lively, friendly, safe community for everyone to enjoy. To that end, we have unfortunately found it necessary to enforce certain rules.

Remember, anyone capable and willing to help is of course welcome.

Before asking a question, please review the [TibiaTekBotManual TibiaTek Bot Manual], you may find what you're looking for there.

= Connecting to the TibiaTek Bot IRC Channel =

You can connect to the TibiaTek Bot IRC Channel via TibiaTek Bot's built-in IRC client. By default, it connects and joins the channel automatically. You can disable automatic connecting and joining via changing the variables ^IRCConnectOnStartUp^ and ^IRCJoinAfterConnected^ respectively.

To join from another client connect to the Quakenet IRC server at uk.quakenet.org, channel #tibiatekbot. Here's a list of other [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_IRC_clients IRC Clients].

== Language Channels ==

  * *Español (Spanish):* #ttbespanol
  * *Suomi (Finnish):* N/A
  * *Svenska (Swedish):* N/A
  * *Polski (Polish):* N/A (there are no Customer Support members for Polish speakers)
  * *Portugués (Portuguese):* N/A
  
== How To's ==

This is a list of all the available commands.

=== Change Nickname ===

Type ^/nick <nicknamehere> ^.

*Example:* ^/nick Master_Of_All^

*Note:* nicknames cannot contain spaces, use underscores (_) or dashes (-) instead.

=== Quit the IRC Connection ===

Type ^/quit^.

=== Join Another Channel ===

Type ^/join #<nameofthechannel>^.

*Example:* ^/join #ttbespanol^

*Note:* you can only join a maximum of 3 channels via the TibiaTek Bot Built-in IRC Client.

== Notes on Freedom of Speech ==

= Guidelines in full =

  * The people who assist you in the #tibiatkbot IRC channel are unpaid, unthanked volunteers who give up much of their time just to help you. Please be patient and courteous with them.
  * The language of the channel is *ENGLISH*. Other language channels exist though. (see above)
  * Be patient. Sometimes no one will see your question for quite a while if they are away from the computer or busy elsewhere. Sometimes people are chatting but no one answers your question. Just ask your question and hang out in the channel until you see some activity or find someone willing to assist you. *Do not ask every second* or every 2 minutes. If no-one answers we suggest you ask again 15 to 20 minutes later. It's OK to be ignorant; it's not OK to play stupid.
  * Insults, name-calling, harassment of any form, vulgarity, profanity, obscenity, etc. are not allowed. See below for more information.
  * Strictly *NO ADVERTISING*. You may NOT advertise Open Tibia Servers or Official Servers or any other type of service that isn't related/or in alliance with the TibiaTek Projects.
  * Read the topic when you join the channel.
  * No name calling
  * No insulting remarks
  * No denigration is permitted of other peoples:
    * Nationality
    * Race
    * Creed
    * Colour
    * Ethnicity
    * Religion
    * Age
    * Gender
    * Politics
    * Ideas
    * Knowledge
    * Opinions
    * Size
    * Shape
    * Hobbies
    * Pets
    * Sexual Orientation
  ...or any other personal feature.
  * Just to be clear, you may disagree with anything or anyone you like, but you may not insult anyone (this means nobody may insult you either).
  * No harassment
  * No threats
  * No accusations
  * No flaming. By "flaming" we mean saying anything that is hurtful to another individual. This includes all the things listed above, and also includes the intention to discredit, harm, put down, ostracise, or stirring up others to do similar.
  * No bickering. By "bickering" we mean that exchanges including, but not limited to "I am not, You are too", or similar are strictly NOT permitted.
  * No flooding. By "flooding" we mean posting many identical messages, posting meaningless messages, and posting in any way that results in an unreasonable amount of space being taken in the channel.
  * Don't TYPE IN ALL CAPS; this is read as shouting and considered rude.

== Problems with other individuals ==

  * If any individual has a problem with any other individual(s), they may contact any of the Channel Operators by private message only, so as not to involve the entire rest of the channel unnecessarily.
  * Individuals who do NOT respect this rule will be subject to action taken against them.
  * You may report any objectionable posts, and the Channel Operators will, at their sole discretion, take any appropriate action as expediently as possible.
  * If there is a dispute between a channel user and any one or more of the Channel Operators, the decision of the Channel Operator will take precedence.
  * Channel Operators may act at their sole discretion if they feel that the channel environment is being negatively affected by any user. 

== General ==

  * We encourage individuals to share a limited amount of personal information, just enough to help us feel that you are a real person.
  * We advise individuals not to share too much personal information, as this is the internet after all, and there are some dangerous people out there.
  * Disrespect and intolerance towards other people is NOT acceptable, and will result in measures being taken against any offenders. 

= Rule Enforcement =

A warning will be issued taking into account you may not be aware of the channel rules.

After the warning:

  * Repeated Offense: Being kicked from the channel one or more times.
  * Repeated Offense after being kicked: Either a temporary, or a permanent ban. 

These actions will be taken at the sole discretion of the Channel Operators. You may be banned outright for breaking freenode network policy.

== Appeals ==

Appeals to action taken by Channel Operators may be made by Private Message only to any of the Channel Operators.

== Spam ==

Any messages that offend in any of the ways outlined above will be treated as Spam, and the individuals responsible will be subject to action taken against them.

== Your responsibilities ==

  * You MUST keep up to date with these Rules. 
	
It will be amended from time to time, and it will be entirely YOUR RESPONSIBILITY to be aware of any changes. Announcements will be made in the channel if there are any changes.

  * You MUST read all announcements posted in the channel by the Channel Operators. 

These notices are posted for YOUR BENEFIT, it is entirely YOUR responsibility to read and adhere to any guidelines they outline. Your failure to read, know, or adhere to these rules will likely result in disciplinary action, since you will not be aware of the rules, or changes.

  * YOU ARE REQUIRED TO BE AWARE OF ALL OF THESE RULES AND OF ANY SUBSEQUENT MODIFICATIONS.

By agreeing to these rules, you warrant that you will not post any messages that are obscene, vulgar, sexually-orientated, hateful, threatening, or otherwise violative of any laws.

== Courtesy ==

Be courteous. Use “Please” and “Thanks for your attention” or “Thanks for your consideration”. Make it clear you appreciate the time people spend helping you for free.

== Before You Ask ==

Before asking a technical question do the following:

  # Try to find an answer by searching the archives of the forum.
  # Try to find an answer by searching the Web.
  # Try to find an answer by reading the manual.
  # Try to find an answer by reading a FAQ.
  # Try to find an answer by inspection or experimentation.
  # If you're a programmer, try to find an answer by reading the source code.

  * Prepare your question. Think it through. Hasty-sounding questions get hasty answers, or none at all. The more you do to demonstrate that having put thought and effort into solving your problem before seeking help, the more likely you are to actually get help.
  * Never assume you are entitled to an answer. You are not; you aren't, after all, paying for the service. You will earn an answer, if you earn it, by asking a substantial question — one that implicitly contributes to the experience of the community rather than merely passively demanding knowledge from others.
  * Describe the symptoms of your problem or bug carefully and clearly.
  * Describe the environment in which it occurs (machine, OS, application, whatever).
  * Describe the research you did to try and understand the problem before you asked the question.
  * Describe the diagnostic steps you took to try and pin down the problem yourself before you asked the question.
  * Describe any possibly relevant recent changes in your computer or software configuration.